docs: add flow update, restart, pause and resume (#5577)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/jcloud/index.md

```

### Update Flow

You can update a Flow by providing an updated YAML.

To update a Flow:

```bash
jc update super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b flow.yml
```

```{figure} img/update_flow.png
:width: 70%
```

### Pause / Resume Flow

> You have the option to `pause` a Flow that is not currently in use but may be needed later. This will allow the Flow to be resumed later when it is needed again by using `resume`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the option to pause a Flow that is not currently in use but may be needed later. This will allow the Flow to be resumed later when it is needed again by using `resume`.
```
When using it as a verb (not a command). Don't use backticks. Ensure this is consistent throughout doc.

To pause a Flow:

```bash
jc pause super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b
```

```{figure} img/pause_flow.png
:width: 70%
```

To resume a Flow:

```bash
jc resume super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b
```

```{figure} img/resume_flow.png
:width: 70%
```

### Restart Flow, Executor or Gateway

> In the event that a restart is necessary for a Flow, there are two options available: restarting all Executors and the Gateway associated with the Flow, or selectively restarting only a specific Executor or the Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to restart a Flow, there are two options: restart all Executors and the Gateway associated with the Flow, or selectively restart only a specific Executor or the Gateway.
```

```bash
jc update super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b flow.yml
```

```{figure} img/update_flow.png
:width: 70%
```

### Pause / Resume Flow

You can pause a Flow, so that all the executors and the gateway are scaled to 0. And the paused flow can be resumed, so that all the executors and the gateway are scaled to desired number of replicas.

To pause a Flow

```bash
jc pause super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b
```

```{figure} img/pause_flow.png
:width: 70%
```

To resume a Flow

```bash
jc resume super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b
```

```{figure} img/resume_flow.png
:width: 70%
```

### Restart Flow, executor or gateway

You can restart a Flow, which means restarting all the executors and gateway. If the requirement to is to restart a particular executor or gateway, you can do that as well.

To restart a Flow

```bash
jc restart super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b
```

```{figure} img/restart_flow.png
:width: 70%
```

To restart the gateway

```bash
jc restart super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b --gateway
```

```{figure} img/restart_gateway.png
:width: 70%
```

To restart an executor

```bash
jc restart super-mustang-c6cf06bc5b --executor executor0
```

```{figure} img/restart_executor.png
:width: 70%
```

### Scale an Executor

> You can scale an executor to meet the computation expectations (if autoscale is not chosen)
> 
> To scale an executor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also manually scale any Executor.
```
